hello everyone i'm andy dave and welcome
to another let's get better at blood
bowl
in this video i'm going to cover
something that's probably happened to us
all at some point
um it's a game i thought i'd won and
then all of a sudden i was staring at
defeat
i wanted to go back and watch the games
and work out what went wrong and how i
can put that mistake right
all the teams are just setting up a
couple of things i want to let you know
first you can catch us live on twitch
every tuesday
saturday and sunday evening from about
seven o'clock uk time
from subscribers on twitch we also give
away free gribo games models
we've got a dark health blitz that looks
remarkably like me and we've also got
a human ogre which looks really fetching
in a sort of
a red and white strip um also if you
like the content please leave a like and
subscribe
and also ring the bell icon so you don't
miss out any future videos from this
channel
right anyway back to the game um so
in this team uh the teams are chaos
which is playing by me
and we'll flip it round we'll watch it
from my point of view and skaven
um that i've played around about 10
games with the team and we just put the
skills on
pause it there uh so we've got a
strength five chaos warrior
uh we've got one block chaos warrior the
other two no skills
i've got a mighty blow block beastman
who's my blitzer
a naked agility four goat and a couple
other goats
uh with block and a shorthand guy over
on the far far
far right uh the skaven have got a
movement seven
rat ogre a mighty blow storm though and
a strong woman without any skills
next to him and we've got a movement 10
gutter runner uh seems
van of course um and a couple of blood
gutter runners somewhere i think this
guy that you can't see here
is blodge and then he's also got a line
wrap with
sure hands and agility
um now
because we're slightly under team value
uh the first thing i wanted to do before
this game and i can't show you this now
unfortunately because this is a
recording
uh is you start when you when you start
your game you're thinking about your
inducements
um and normally for inducements what i'm
doing when i'm playing with my
inducements is either
trying to cover for one of my own
shortfalls or
maximizing a weakness of my opponents um
now escaping being low armor one of the
things that typically can happen
is if they've only got 11 players then
you can expect to get some removals and
you can whittle them
down um and it makes the whole thing a
lot easier uh in this instance he's got
a 12th player so i decided to not go
uh the dirty player and bribe root um
because i didn't think that one solitary
mighty blow
was going to yield a lot of results um
i therefore looked at my weaknesses and
said well i don't have any tackle uh i
don't know if you wrestle
and dealing with a blodge um gut runner
it's gonna be a right pain in the
bone so i'm gonna take a wizard
so in this instant in this game we're
playing with a wizard
so we'll let him finish his setup
um and while he's setting up um let's
think about the actual game states that
i'm okay with
so um he's receiving um i don't mind any
of your scores really quickly so scores
turn
two three four and the reason for that
is because then i would then
uh get the ball and hopefully at the end
of the half uh equalize at 1-1
i receive in the second half go and
score make that 2-1
game over it's 2-1 win not a problem the
only problem with that strategy is he
does have a movement 10 gutter runner
so i've got to deal with him
or i need him to not score at all in
which case
um maybe i can take the ball off him and
we can go one nil up in his half
go two nil and i don't care about the
guts of runner so
you've got to think strategically about
how you want the game to play out
um when i watched him what he first did
with blitzing here i thought well he's
going to go and choose to stand over in
this
this area here maybe he'll stand
correctly sort of about here screen the
gutter run off
and try and stall but this is a very
very aggressive
um play from my opponent and it is
liable to end
in him end him in hot water
because i'm likely to be able to take
the ball off him or he's just going to
score
both which remember outcomes i'm
completely fine with
so it goes to the one dice and i thought
that's okay because he's starting to
free up the good uh the storm
in here but um
what he hasn't managed to do is blitz
um with his mighty blow so he only
blitzed with one of his two mighty blows
that turn he didn't get a lot of value
out of it
and he's also parked the ball next to
the sideline so um
i think he's going to be a little bit of
trouble here um
and in the real world i looked at this
turn for about
one minute 20 seconds before i did
anything
um and i was convinced that because
there was a t
shape here so you've got three players
along the side and then a right logo
or you've got a t shape a reverse t
shape um or if you've got a t shape
there
um i was convinced that something could
be done
that we could surf the ball carrier and
i couldn't find it and it was
frustrating me i i was
um quite annoyed by it so i then went
right well we know t shapes everything
what about boxes
can we make a box can we turn these four
players into a box because if we can
then what we can do um is we can
chain push something into the box and we
can surf it i couldn't find a box either
because
um e i can't get two dice here so i
can't push this guy here and
uh and do something um so i had to look
at it
the other way around and i decided that
if i could push a guy either in front or
behind the guttering
and then blitz something into that
player
we could push the gutter around the
field and i've got block and he doesn't
so a both down result here isn't
terrible i just need to dodge
a skull also if i
um mess this up he's probably going to
score so the failure state is fine
um this is not like it's 10 seven and
he's gonna score this is turn one
and he's going to go and do something
reckless afterwards and running the end
of the
uh um in the ball so
probably the best thing to do is take a
couple blocks over here just to maximize
a bit of damage
um and then start looking and trying to
solve this we don't need to use the
wizard
um so that's how i sort of decided what
i was gonna do a couple of safe moves
first
um so if you if if this goes wrong which
is on what i'm planning
then at least i've got some players in
the vicinity to make him do
something
um and let's see if here before i do it
let's see if you can work out how you
could surf that player there
here we go punched the rat over
and now you've got your box and i'm
pretty sure you can spot what square to
blitz from now
and that's when it goes in the crowd and
uh oddly enough we actually cause a
casualty uh which was nice
so um one of my major problems in this
game which was the movement 10 gut
runner has now been removed
um now i got lucky we caused a casualty
straight off the bat and probably did
probably didn't deserve the casualty
um but um he did set that up for me to
have
following up there the warrior is not
isolated
and we have to play the re-roll uh now i
don't want to follow this up because i
want my blitz to be free
and then we need to go and mark this guy
so i should be coming around here
ah oh okay right so i've just decided
i've decided to go and cover the
the guys over here that makes so that is
also a reasonable thing to do
um so his first action of the turn was
to block into a block
um beastman um with his
loner i had i had a lot of downside
however now he's managed it um we should
be able to see
two plus with a re-roll handy off
two-plus with a skill
team re-roll score
no we didn't actually unfortunately stop
score i don't think we're gonna stop
score unless he
fluffs this i can't remember if he
fluffs it or not um
now paul is just for second this is
worth looking at uh one two three four
five six seven eight nine
so if he tripwires here um i've got a
short hands go on hand
and he's not going to score so this is
very gambling if he chooses to go in
this is a 18
play and the failure state is probably
going to cost him the game it didn't
um but it's worth looking for these
things when you're playing your games
try and think about what happens if this
goes wrong what happens
how how screwed am i and
if it's quite screwed you've got to be
really sure that you want to take that
or you need to understand that that's
what's going to happen
um so he had two chances there to to
lose the game because the rataga could
have won in nine
and the guts runner could have won in
sixth
neither came up so we got away with it
right on to my drive now so i've still
got the wizard in hand
best thing that can possibly happen to
me now is we cause one casualty because
then you've got to play with 10 players
for the whole game because we've caused
the movement tending like to get up and
go away
um i just want to maximize my hitting um
try and focus on knocking over stuff
with mighty blow
mighty blow probably wants to punch
excuse me
some of the lower value stuff um lower
armor value stuff so i can
really try and get some removals
when we finish the setup i'll just pause
it i think that's
i think that's us done so
look at what he's done here and think
about the
um the kickoff table what kickoff table
results could come up which would really
hurt him
and the one i was fishing for was a
quick snap because then we could
potentially surf
uh step two forward and do the same on
the other side
and then we'd have two chances of
rolling a push as one of the blocks
we pushed the storm romans on either
side against the facts
and then that could cause us a um
uh surf um and that would be the blitzes
so we were looking for the quick snap i
don't think it comes up but that's what
we were looking for
and you could protect that just by
stepping slightly further back
so turn one for me we didn't get the
quick snap what i do need to be doing
um is i really need to be making sure
the ball is safe at all points here so
the best thing to do is probably connect
the ball
to my line of scrimmage as quickly as
possible
i also shouldn't follow that up because
if i do not got if i got pushes here
um i would have lost out on blocks
warriors going in to try and tie this
guy up um
in hindsight this was actually really
bad a really bad move
because and what you've got there is is
what i like to call a discovered surf
so if he has wanted to um
the agility four guy steps back a square
the rat ogre then blitzes through
and i lose a chaos warrior so that was a
really
really bad move from my point of view
and
i then compound the problem by taking
the ball towards the area where you
don't want him to go
and when i'm inviting him to blitz me
over here
that was to level up logics um again
that's possibly a little bit risky
[Music]
uh third action in a row notice he's
blitzing with a rat ogre first of all
or hellboy
he's dead and i'm not a postcard in that
because i don't think it's a good idea
to use my apothecary and turn two even
against just too mighty blow
i'm still holding out some hope that
maybe we'll get to have a surf over here
but i'm still cross about that that was
really really really silly
i should have been punished
now strategically strategically how is
this gay even approaching this game they
do appear to be just giving away lots of
hits
um or that's worth calling out actually
and they are
giving away lots of hits right first
thing i did here was actually i decided
to take a block
without block so it's the strength five
chaos warrior
uh into this storm movement here and the
reason it was here and not
um anywhere else was because if that
block is a push i know my entire turn
turn play order and the play order is
going to be
um try and surf this storm vermin it's
the mighty blowstone moments it's
well worth hitting and what i probably
could have done could it could have done
is i could have probably considered
where these two goats were going to go
and tried to make the ball a little
safer
because if we turn over he could counter
play by moving
uh stormwind forward and two dice
blocking um and looking for the
ratatouille to be free or
um as he's probably gonna do anyway uh
ratoga to bl to block
um and then that unlocks this square for
being an assist and the storm women can
smash through
for two dice he's also got a receiver
here so
while that was the right right first
dice roll
it wasn't the right first move and i
think that's got to be
pointed out um even though
it looks like it's the right thing to do
it's not
so i'm going to move that guy anyway
right so i've just moved that guy for
because why not and the reason i've been
able to move that guy is because i know
where my blitz is going to be
uh right he's down to 10 good
i was worried i can come over here and
just basically more line rats
this is starting to make things a little
bit safer so we needed a knock down here
and i
possibly would have rerolled that
because if i don't get the knock down i
can't dodge through there and surf this
guy
probably in fact i probably don't
re-roll it but it would be disappointing
to miss that
so it's three removals in that turn
very effective turn from the um chaos
even if it was slightly misplayed i
won't tell anyone if you went
okay so um that's a little bit greedy
because it's one nice
i do have block so it's just the two
plus probably probably the right thing
to do
was probably punch that line wrap
but at this point the drive is probably
going to be secure the skaven have
completely collapsed
um all we've got left is now to start
extracting value and blitzing got to run
us on three dice
this should be fine
we might even at this point be able to
serve some girl runners because they are
connected to our team
and we might be able to just generate
and push through
uh so he correctly um resolves to move
them
let's wear it down
[Applause]
so now push the rattle against the
sideline and there are there's two
different ways i can play the rest of
this half through
um i could either come over here because
the rat ogre is over here
so deal with it once knock it over if i
can knock it over
if he doesn't blitz with it the
following turn it's lying down
it doesn't get to use the blitz action
to stand up and it's a four plus to get
it back up again bit like a tree man
um without the root element or
i can keep pushing this position because
i've got quite a lot more strength
advantage now
and we might be able to generate some
more surface because
thinking that i probably can um do well
from a coaching perspective here
um do i keep pushing this position both
are viable
and the reason i decide to flip is
because i've only got one re-roll
so although i have got sunblock on this
team if i push that second option which
is just keep pushing into here
that means i'm gonna have to start
leaning on the strength five warrior
quite a lot
he hasn't got block and he's a potential
turnover and it's starting to get a
little bit
as though if this goes wrong if i could
suddenly give up what is probably going
to be a relatively straightforward
touchdown
um so i don't want to do that so i've
decided here to swap
even though carrying along here was fine
first action is now start to start
making the ball a bit safer
three dice with mighty blow going after
the gutter on us because he's no now not
got an apothecary
if we can deal with the gutter runner or
zoo um this makes the whole thing a hell
of a lot easier
i did ponder whether i need to fill this
square in for quite a long time
because if i don't fill that square in
yeah the guts runner can come in two
dice up pin only but he's effectively
looking for an eleven percent place he
needs a five or a six
yeah power or a stumbles on two dice
um but why would i give him an 11
out he's still got two rerolls he's
gonna take it it's not like he's going
to get better
it's not going to get a better option so
if you think your opponent's not got any
better plays that's probably the play
they're going to take
i decided to not give him the option of
getting me
but the team is starting to fall apart
quite nicely
and at this point i know i am now
thinking about who's the right player to
score with
how do i score on the right player um so
this is from a team building perspective
start looking around your team and
thinking right
do i if i score on whoever what will
happen
um at this point either of those who
cares warriors on the flank are
definitely the right player to score
with
um the ball carrier doesn't add as much
from a star player points perspective
you know add block to him
he's all right but i'd block to a chaos
warrior that's definitely a lot more
powerful
so we've now correctly nicely corralled
up the skaven
um and we're now freeing up the raw
carrier
and i think next turn we'll start
thinking about making sure we can score
with the right dude
keep them all connected keep them all
pushed together and their mighty glow
should go and connect into something now
to make sure that next turn
i've got a hit if i want one
coat stands there and this is going all
right
and this isn't the bit of the video
where i say to you how did i turn a game
that's blatantly going to be a win
into something that might not be a win
um
however look what i see i've just called
it out in the turn before which is i
left him
two dice uphill um and he
had to take it because it wasn't getting
anything better leaving this cage corner
open
was a little bit expensive um because it
could have bobbled into the beastman's
hands dropped it on a floor
dropped it there and that gotta run
everyone away so
could have probably tightened that up a
bit more probably should have tightened
up a bit more
um and it's a warning sign for something
i didn't pay attention to
later in the game
so right blitz this guy
um this has got lots of good outcomes so
if we roll a push we get to push it into
that square there we don't follow up
and we go into that square go into that
square and push the dude off the field
if we roll a pal it's great we get to
power it with mighty blow
the only bad result here is um like a
triple both down
uh mighty blow sort of doing something
sort of not
now we must not drop this
let me go to pick this up
um only prepared to throw that box it
was three dice
you know i think this guy needs to stand
there i think this guy should have stood
there because
um that makes the gutter and dodge out a
lot harder
oh we can hand it off to strength five
cast warrior now
and we really can hand it off to the
tank five girls worry now
there we go um and this should be fine
now in this bit i'm gonna skip through
the next two turns because actually this
is fine and i just score at the end of
the half
and there's nothing particularly
exciting about this um
so we'll just skip forward to the other
half
and it's now turned nine um
now notice what's going on here so he's
he had 12 players
so we've got two casualties so he's down
to 10 and the rattaga still didn't come
back and the agility 4 lineman didn't
come back
so he's down to uh 11 that's 10 9 8. so
he's got eight players on the field
uh over in our casualty box we've lost
one so that puts us on ten i think
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten it does indeed so it's ten
plays eight
um think about his strategy point of
view we still got the wizard in hand
it's one one
um this should be completely fine
and should not go wrong at all two
players up
we're receiving we've got all our
rerolls um
we should be doing fine which makes me
say one other thing
well is this setup any good not really
no
because think about the goal the setup
goal the setup should be a reflection of
what my goal is my goal is to score
2-1 at the half if a blitz kickoff
result comes up
he is going to flood me and the ball
carrier is going to be left alone on his
own
and he's gonna be back here and i'm
gonna have to try and work out how to
defend myself
so really i should have some sweeper
players here so that the turn one i can
go and make the make collect the ball
make it safe and slowly one down the
field with it because i'm not in any
rush to score
um we haven't cut we haven't casualtied
all the gutters i don't think i can
score a third on him so this setup
doesn't reflect what i'm trying to
achieve
and i think that's a mistake bear that
in mind
so he's now three players short four
players short
and there's a stun there
[__]
went went very greedy they're searching
for a surf which i probably shouldn't
have taken because if i do take it
um
i'm gonna have a gap and he's gonna flip
through me
that guy did not need to stay there
either
oh this this is all about being uh
trying to just shut him down now so he's
only got
three guts runners and a standing
standing line wrap there's no way he
scores from here
except we got the ball
so if you're playing as escaping what
would you need to do you need to think
well we can't possibly just
win this in a stand-up fight so what we
need to do is just dodge through
to send the gutter on us forwards if
they work great if they don't work
well i was already behind anyway so
whatever
left to go to another sideline but he
has made himself a little gap to run
through
a little rat gap so there's now two
ghost runners
eyeing the ball up
and because i didn't have any safeties
last turn look at the distance so
it's fine if the kick is short but if
the kick goes long
you need to fix this we don't roll up
out because we don't have any tackle
which is one of the inducement reasons
at the start yeah we didn't know this
was a problem
um we couldn't surf here fine
um and all of a sudden that massive
player advantage that i've got doesn't
look as
scary anymore because um all the players
are actually relevant
i'm sorry about this autofocus um
the the camera here sorry the the number
of players
these players aren't relevant so it's
actually one two so i've got one two
three four
five versus two but the ball's on the
floor
look at the ball make a go for it
shut down the back of the flank what do
i need to do now i need to put player
there
really neat no really really
need to remember the mistakes that we
made last time which was
that he was able to
um two dice uphill the wall carrier
which is a 25 play
more with a reroll so you're looking at
about 40 play
if he hits that with this player here 40
percent of time the ball is on the floor
it could go bloody anywhere worst case
scenario could go there got to run a
scoops up and scores
so that player absolutely need to be
stood there that is not that is me not
playing
not paying attention to um the amount of
risk that is on the board
so what should he do we need to just tag
out this guy over here
he needs to blitz me at the time i
always remember i remember this
i was thinking this is really unlucky
no this is just moderately unfortunate
i mean this is this is wrong he should
have done it with the other runner
um but he hits his 11 out
the ball lands in exactly one tackle
zone hasn't used a re-roll
lots of arms waving and gesturing and
smashing faces into boards and stuff
thinking how a look you were actually
when you go back and watch it in the
cold line of day
although he did actually execute the
play in the wrong way
um it was probably about a forty percent
chance of working
um slightly under maybe because you've
got to pick up the ball in a tackle zone
you're probably looking at a 30 chance
of play
um so is that appropriate
that you're four players ahead um you're
looking
absolutely completely fine and you give
your opponent a one in three to win yeah
potentially win the game or tie the game
up
no not if you're not if you're treating
this as serious
so now the whole strategy needs to
change
you get some he gets a re-roll at that
point you'd think if you were sat there
now you think oh
games just just absolutely screwed me
over um
the best way to deal with this is to
regain your composure think about what
you need to do
um roll loads of pushes on the line of
scrimmage blocks no don't do that
um just think about what you need to do
and and just just focus
um and the way that we get this game
around is we try and win this in three
one
uh three three two and we've still got
the wizard to turn him over
so we need to go and have a relatively
quick score three turns if we can score
and turn 13
that's fine um that is seven
pushes in a row nine pushes in our own
fights we didn't knock him over either
there's a pal
now we've got a removal so actually all
those pushes are completely fine because
we've got a removal
um and if you always got a removal every
turn you're
you're well ahead so that's completely
completely fine
now pick up the ball notice i haven't
really learned from my mistake which is
the ball is completely isolated again
um so that's something i'm going to take
away from this which is i need i need a
i need a flank a defending player or two
um
because otherwise i'm gonna get two dice
or three dice uphill
and lose games so my strategy isn't
quite right
now is he choosing to dive me here
surely not
oh no he was so he's put this guy in
there he's put his guy in the wrong
place and he's gonna go
he's going for two dice on the agility
four um
unfortunately for him he rolls the power
anyway um but he was he was fishing for
two dice
so right remember the goal here is to
score in three turns
so we've had we've had one turn we now
need to go and get the ball
down the other end the field this guy is
far more valuable to blitz than this guy
um so i think i should be picking on
this guy
and we should be able to get the ball
onto razzle storm and get the ball down
the hill
one two three four five six um
we could risk we could risk the handover
that they um
the handoff here
this is a reasonable thing to try
uh i wouldn't have thrown that block
without block we do have blocks so
that is reasonable um and what we've
managed to do is start to screen the
opponent
from behind so now um the only player
that's relevant in this
in this drive is his gut runner
that was morally risky because if we
bubbled this and bobbled this and
bobbled this we could have lost the game
properly
so when i talk about risk reward a
little bit dubious in terms of whether
that was the right play
you want an air gap where the ball can
just land on the floor and can't bobble
um if you're gonna do that which means
that this guy was in the wrong place he
should have been there
oh fortunately he double warns the dodge
and we can bang the ball in
for two two so um i'll just skip forward
this turn so we don't make the replay
uh too long
unless we kill this guy of course we
don't
um so we scored now let's assess the
situation
um we have lost one player so we're down
to ten
and he has lost five players um so that
gives him three four five six seven so
he's got seven
now if you're the skaven coach you want
to go and score two turns you want to go
and
jam aside jam down the side and make
sure that the ball goes in the end zone
because then it's two three two and
you're either playing a draw or a win
and considering the chaos coach would
only have two turns to score back
you probably won the game um and you've
got some chances coming from chaos back
so i must defend the flank flanks
because
if he comes into the middle that's fine
because i can collapse on him from both
sides but what i don't want him to do
is i really don't want him to push down
a flank too hard
um so i've made my weak point a weakish
point here with
a non-block chaos warrior in hindsight
looking back at this i could probably
have put the strength five cows worry
there
um but if i do that he's probably going
to try and jam down this
down this flank over here um so
maybe having this guy is this slightly
weaker point where you might be able to
break through
probably reasonable um i should also
swap the the block and the non-lock
round
so um if you want to go through these
guys you can't just roll one dice into
them
oh he's indeed trying to push down a
flank which is the right play
he hasn't got much much resource to do
it with what i would like to do is i'd
like to see him
um take one of these and put them here
so he's got a spare player to
walk around with because this the double
mark doesn't achieve anything
however pitch invasion that's going to
ruined him
and then he blows a single dice blitz
gets a skull
and that's really
nailed the momentum of the drive however
we've still got a lot to do
and what we need to do now is we need to
have a couple of players to go forward
to go and put pressure on the ball
because we have to score within three
turns equally
um we can't let him go to runner off and
throw to this guy so this guy needs
blitzing and or marking
um or both but we need to send at least
a couple players forward
um i probably should have sent the
agility four forwards but
because then i've got the
he's got the best chance of getting the
ball back
two nice block uh we can probably just
walk forward here
and cover this up this guy out bearing
in mind these guys are downed we need to
do something with this
the non knock down makes this a little
bit risky because
uh that guts runner could just come over
and be an assist and he could
dodge into the end zone
extra star player points great now this
guy needs covering the one between the
curse warriors this square here is
really important so the gutter
has to go all the way around
now if you're escaping you can probably
go one two three four
five go for it one nice blitz looking
for a knock down
run into the end zone you pick pick the
ball up and hand it to this guts runner
and the gutter runner can then throw the
ball on a probably a six
um into the end zone
unfortunately he chooses to try and just
tie the game up and throw it to the end
end zone there that's what he was trying
to do
now in this particular game the rest of
this game plays out it's actually fine
um with lightning bolt the lodging ball
carrier that's in the way
the shorehands guy can go and pick the
ball up and
all of a sudden everything is fine the
last bit that's probably worth noting
here is that it is turn 15
we absolutely must have more than one
scoring threat before
we do anything that's remotely risky
here
because if we don't have more than one
scoring threat
all he will do is knock over that one
and that's it game over
so all of my actions now are walking
people forwards
so that was yeah using a go for it
because he now is his second scoring
threat
he can't possibly stop me having a
scoring threat now
now i can go and risk the one in nine
and this guy can be a scoring threat in
his own right because
um it's fine
so short of him rolling um two dice
uphill um
now and a 25 out
we're okay so this cutter and i cannot
be allowed to stand up
uh and i didn't get a choice in it but i
would have taken the both down if it was
push push both down
i would have taken them both down there
because i don't want him he would take
them both down on the block
action and turn us both over so he's
only got one play left which is
to dodge through he should have taken
the four plus
two plus and then one dice behind
he should be gone four plus two plus
gone there and then blitzed from behind
um but he didn't when
that guy walks in so there we have it um
this is how i have learned something i
have worked out that i don't actually
defend the ball
uh safely enough in the first couple of
turns that's something that's happened
and it actually happens in a couple of
games
so i can take that away i can work on
that and make sure that i've got
appropriate safeties
i'm aware of it so um it's slightly
disappointing myself that i'm not
covering it off
um i am pleased that we were able to
change pace and be able to adjust to the
game situation
we went to one behind i realized that we
needed to score so that was good
um and i also noticed that uh this could
have been more painful if the skaven
coach would have executed everything he
needed to
um overall you know i hope it was an
interesting video i hope you enjoyed it
um if there's anything that you want to
talk about please leave comments in the
comment section below and as always
please leave a like and subscribe
thank you very much everyone i'll see
you on the next video bye